hello everyone guys here site design and
Here we are, back with a new video
today we are going to see how to create
the film effect on an image to make you
understand what I'm talking about
I'll show you the image we 're going to
to use it, here it is finished
all I have to say something about
genre is a disc you see better
the image
here it is to say that it really is an effect
very nice ok
having said that we can start with the
tutorial so we will have photoshop
i image day loaded ok then
first what we have to do
let's duplicate the layer then
we do right-click duplicate layer
or convenient handy dj and command for
windows obviously would therefore be a
once duplicate level we make command
and on saturation we go to put a
nice minus 60 and we give ok
once done that we go to image
settings display exposure
let's put one of his moves and
gamma correction let's say it's a lot
personal because it depends on the photo that
you were using then adjust
a little then i go to put we take a
as it is rose 73 ok
once we have done what we must do
we must reduce the level then como
angels and let's go to the blur filter
radius blur control we put 9.1
pixel we see ok when done we go there
on the rubber and setting the rubber
while this is zero percent hardness e
dimensions
obviously it depends on the size of the
your image here at 1211 then
let's highlight the part that
let's see what is displayed
let's say a little like that
ok once you think about what
we must do
let's create a new level
we only have bucket tool e
let's go and place it then here we go up
opacity and we put 42 percent
once done what we go to
take the rubber back with them
settings before and let's go to
highlight the part we want that
let this be displayed this we say
this ok once done that for
to conclude we must recreate a new one
level go to the selection tool
rectangular let's create a
rectangle at the top more or less than these
dimensions
let's go to the bucket tool e
let's color it black and then lose
select it let's command one
once done that we do common j
duplicate the level and with the tool
move we advise against it below and here it is
the image is then completed on file
save with name
we put image film effect e
we know informed i recommend png
let's save
ok
and here is the saved image
here it is guys no hope
you enjoyed this video and me
I also recommend you try
use this effect on yours
images and nothing almost a greeting
see you at a next video
Hi everyone